Quick start guide for Openstack deployments (#784)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/layouts/shortcodes/cloud-prepare/openstack.md

> Prepare OpenShift-on-AWS **cluster-a** for Submariner:

Reviewer: This needs to be a subtitle.

<div class="notices note">
<p>The default EC2 instance type for the Submariner gateway node is <code>c5d.large</code>,
optimized for better CPU which is found to be a bottleneck for IPsec and Wireguard drivers.
Alternatively, you can choose to deploy using a different instance type.</p>
</div>

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=cluster-a/auth/kubeconfig

> subctl cloud prepare aws --ocp-metadata path/to/cluster-a/metadata.json {{ with $.Get "nattPort" }}--natt-port {{.}}{{ end }}

Reviewer 2: What is this natt-port argument?

Author: I mean this one `--natt-port uint16            IPSec NAT traversal port (default 4500)` Since the default port may not work with Openstack

Reviewer 2: But the final rendered page does not seem to include this option.

Author: Fixed , now using natport directly.

```

> Prepare OpenShift-on-OpenStack **cluster-b** for Submariner:

Reviewer: This needs to be a subtitle.

> The default OpenStack vm instance type for the Submariner gateway node is <code>PnTAE.CPU_4_Memory_8192_Disk_50</code>,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default OpenStack compute instance type for the Submariner gateway node is <code>PnTAE.CPU_4_Memory_8192_Disk_50</code>,
```

Alternatively, you can choose to deploy using a different instance type.

> You need to use the appropriate cloud name from clouds.yaml, here it uses **OpenStack**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you use the appropriate cloud name from clouds.yaml, here it uses **OpenStack**.
```

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=cluster-b/auth/kubeconfig
subctl cloud prepare rhos --ocp-metadata path/to/cluster-b/metadata.json --cloud-entry\

> openstack {{ with $.Get "nattPort" }}--natt-port {{.}}{{ end }}

Reviewer 2: The "\" at the end is not getting rendered properly. We can either remove it or include an extra space so that users can directly copy-paste the command.

Author: is it the natport not getting rendered correctly?

Reviewer 2: the natport itself is not displayed, please take a look.

Author: Done.

```

Note that certain parameters, such as the tunnel UDP port and OpenStack instance type for the gateway,
can be customized. For example:

```bash

> subctl cloud prepare aws --ocp-metadata path/to/metadata.json --natt-port 4501 --gateway-instance m4.xlarge

Reviewer 2: In Line 26, we say that tunnel UDP Port and instance type can be customized for OpenStack but this example uses "aws". Personally, I feel that we can remove these examples from here as they will be covered in the cloud-prepare documentation.

Author: Removed examples for openstack

```

Submariner can be deployed in HA mode by setting the `gateways` flag:

```bash

> subctl cloud prepare aws --ocp-metadata path/to/metadata.json --gateways 3

Reviewer 2: as above.
